So hey friends, good morning,
welcome back to the channel. I
hope you all are well, your family members are
all well
and
today is a very, I do
n't know what should I say, should I call it a special day
or an emotional day, so basically
I never told you
where I am working.  So right now I am
in ICICI Labard working with the bank
insurance team and today a lot of things, today is a
special day.
One of the most amazing,
I just started the car.
I am going to the office now.  So you can see so
basically I have been in high lum for the last almost
three years.  And the
team that is there was completely new for me.  The
industry was completely new to me.
And
you know, my experience in the last three
years inside ICIC LBD was very very
great.  I am thankful to my leaders who have
supported me all the times.  And
today it's just that
today is my LWD.
If anyone doesn't know what is
LWD
I will tell you at the end of this video.
So it's kind of an emotional day for me.  Let's just
cross the road now.  There is a lot of traffic.  Once the
traffic clears a bit,
I will meet you again.  So I was
telling you that I have been working in ICICI LBAD for
almost you know the last three years.
And I have learned a lot
in this company.  I have learnt a lot.
And
you know what is my experience with this company, it was like
you know unmatchable with anyone else
but still you know sometimes the things will not be in
your favor, right now
I am going to office, it is already 9:30.
Well, I am sorry,
I did not tell you what the date is today in the beginning of the video.
Today is 30th of October and
today is Thursday.  It's time now, it's around
9:35.  So I will go to office now.  Will do some
work in the office.
After work, whatever you know,
I am going to make a vlog in the office for the first time today.
So I mean, although I mean, some people
know that in the office, I mean, you know, I
make vlogs on YouTube.  I
post vlogs on YouTube.  But today I will try to
make a good vlog
inside the office.  And I want to
capture a lot of things, my
experience and
how was my experience with my team.  So that's it for now, let's
reach the office.
I hadn't recorded one in the middle yet.  A
brother on a two-wheeler came straight from the street to the
main road and is standing in the middle.  And
came right in front of the car.  I had to
apply sudden brakes at that time.  And then on top of that
he is abusing me.
He is abusing me and asking how are you driving
?  I said nothing.  Windz was completely
rolled up so I did not say anything to him.
I just kept walking quietly.  Friend, just like that,
friend, I know what do people say when they are bored.
So I reached the office parking.
Today will be our last parking here.
Last time we park our
red coloured car in this basement and once it comes to the office,
our security brother will
show us how to park it and where to park it,
just move it a
little back, yes that's it.
So basically this is our office.
How are you, Salil Bhai?
Good morning sir.
Good Morning.  Good morning for the last
time.
Today is the last day.   Yes
?
Today is the last day.
Stay here.  Be happy.  I will
wish you when I leave.   Thank
you.
Oucher
This is a desk.
So this is basically a bag which contains my
entire three years of hard work.  I have all my
achievements.  So I have brought everything.
So this is the last vlog in
the company.
So I will be going to show you something special which actually I have earned in these
three
years which is all this is a pan
India award one I will one team this is
my first award in
September
8 2023 this is again a pan India award
this is one local award and this is also once again
a pan India award
of Phoenix
and apart from this there are some certificates.
[Music]
So the time has come now to submit
visiting card employee ID card
access card
the SIM Pratap Sir all yours
thank you you want to say something else inka har
style wa
ok thank you Pratap Sir see thank
you
[Music]
So finally done and dusted
will wrap the things now these are all the things I need to
wrap it
and this bag.
[laughs]
The last moment top thegraphy se written
No friend, now it will be written now, everything has been submitted now, my
heart doesn't know, I was telling him, he was telling me what about
business, I don't know, you are out of business, I don't know, I have a chance now
for also [laughs]
Hey, talk to me quickly, otherwise it will be wasted,
and Nandish's, we did not give him a farewell in a month, we gave
him a farewell later, three days, but it took
more time during the
interview, so at
that time I was trying to talk to him,
but he was not talking to me, at that time the month was going on, I liked
what a strange person he is, he is from Rajasthan but he is
not talking to me properly, then
later I came to know that yes, no, he is doing the right thing,
he has become a
big man,
no, no, I mean, he is doing business in Mankhand,
he is doing the right thing, that later, otherwise he
always helped, no matter what the work was, and
especially in motors, he is the most knowledgeable, best
of all,
thank you, thank you  I will
definitely miss you so much team, it's a good team, it's a
good guru,
first mail pe itna saari English kaise likhti, whatever you know then he will
copy one by one
[Music]
So finally
I can say done and dusted.
So I was actually working at ICIC Labard.
And I spent 3 years there.
Had a very good experience.  I got very good bosses.  There was a lot
to learn.
And I actually got a little emotional while
leaving.  So I did
n't record anything further.  I have just come out of the office.  I am
sitting in the car.  I am going home now.
After going home I have to go to
play cricket.  Now I have
started you know recently so that I can
keep myself a little more fit.
So here overall my experience
in SS Lombard was very good.  And I really
enjoyed working there.  Meaning the
challenges I used to get.  I used to take those
challenges and you know I
also enjoyed achieving those challenges.  So that was it
friend, meaning whole and soul experience.   It was
such a good team.  Many people also became emotional.
You might be seeing something behind.  I have
also received some goodies and gifts.
So today was just like that, friend.  It was a bit
emotional.  It was a little good.   I will
miss the team.  Definitely.  It is a very good
team.  And I know that the team will grow very quickly.   That's all I wanted to
say, friend.  And that's all for
today's blog.  And
yes I am going to join a new company.
I am not becoming a full time YouTuber right now
because my income, you know, has
not started from YouTube yet.
Once it starts and everything goes well,
then we can think about it.   Right now
I am actually standing at the signal.  I keep
looking at the signal again and again.  There
are still 20 seconds left.  So yes, that means
I have not thought of becoming a full time YouTuber yet.
The day everything gets better,
I can definitely look forward to it.  So with
this note, we close today's blog here.
I hope you enjoyed it.  If you
liked it, give it a thumbs
up.  Do like, do subscribe the channel.  Only 25% of the
people are subscribing
to the channel or those who are already subscribed through I Can,
only those people are
watching You Know.  The remaining 75% of people who are
watching the videos are
not getting subscriptions.  So I request each and everyone
who is watching the vlog, please do
subscribe to it.  You will
get motivation only if you subscribe.
So on this note, let's end today's vlog.
Thank you so much.  Jai Hind.  Bye bye.